!Note Please watch the complete video 
to see the complete dashboard testing. 
Lets start it now. 
I loged in to admin dashboard and you can see
that there are a lot of different options to manage
website. Lets try them all and check how data is gonna be 
look like.

1.Lets see when any user need to contact how can we check the response.
2.Now lets see how can we publish articles only . Now you need to
add title , add slug means url and featured image
3.Now by default there are four categories . Which you dont need to delete
4.Because i split the articles content into four parts. Like blog, event
guide and support . So lets see first how to manage categories then we will
come back to the articles section. Let me delete all of them and add again.
I will add the four of them again. Now the blog category will be depend on
the articles section. System will also check for the duplicates
so feel free from that side.
Now lets add support, event, guide . Lets upload the first article
and please see the complete upload .
Now Content boxes means that you can add more boxes repeatidily to fill
information for the article . Which is very easy to use .Let me show you
You can add mulitple points for every single content box
You can also add multiple tags by seperating them with comma
You can also add disclaimer message . But before this let me add one more
content box. Now you see that when i click on add more boxes 
we get another content box with points and same other fields
lets publish the first article in blog category
System everytime check for the duplicates . So in this case 
system is robust and can handle eveything . Now in same way by selecting support
category . You can add article for support center. Through which users 
can see the difference in regular blog article and support article
Lets check them onto the frontend
These both are different articles based on there category. 
Ok for now articles, support, guide and other sections are completed
Lets check all of the remaining sections
Now there is a feedback section . Where we can see the users feedback 
with there email, username, feedback and device information
Ok i will check the delete feature again . But data is displaying properly 
so lets move onwards to the remaing sections
System will check for the current 30 days and split the performance
into four parts
Now you can also add new questiona and answers for your chatbot learning
So lets logout from the backend panel now. 
Eveytthing is fine just i will recheck the delete feature for every section
Thansk!. I think it is enough to learn through this detaied clip